**Rationale**

For the most part I stuck to my original design, one big change was removing the links to other pages from the footer, I decided to do a sticky navigation bar¬ which always stays at the top of the page meaning no need for extra links. I also added a floating top button that is always in the same spot on the page. The combination of these 2 components more than makes up for the lack of extra hyperlinks, also some of the pages are quite short which further removes the need for it.

Not being able to use java script meant I had to get creative with my code and had to use my CSS and in new ways to make up for the loss. Ideally I would have had the floating top button only pop up after scrolling down an amount, the navbar would have hid all the options within a menu when scaled to mobile and I would have liked to add some interactive elements to images etc. while most of this was more or less possible through CSS it took more time than I had to properly implement.

Some very recourses I found very helpful for completing this assignment were; google (obviously...) but largely W3 schools is a site I find always helpful especially for any web-based languages (html, css, js, etc.), I also drew influence from bootstrap and used this opportunity to further learn and add to my own reset sheets however, using bootstrap would have been a much simpler solution.
Other sites such as stack overflow, codepen etc. sometimes have good example of things you can do however I find most of the time it is people overcomplicating something that can be done in a simple line or 2 of code, so learning the code for your solution through W3 etc. is far more beneficial.

I have been quite confused about what I am to do in this unit, especially the assignments and as of writing this I am still not sure how to submit the assignment, I believe I will be emailing you this? I have incorporated all the text and most of the images provided into the website, however was very unsure of the specifications I was to follow. Previously in building websites for clients etc. I have been given further guidelines, for me the lack of this made the assignment quite difficult as I wasn’t sure who I was building it for and couldn’t get feedback to improve. I know there were sessions to attend at UC to potentially get more information however, I didn’t have time hence doing the online version of the course.

Overall though I enjoyed building the website as I haven’t had an opportunity to do this in a while.
